Allow `RunSettingsArguments` to be set (#2771)
fsprojects/FAKE: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

> ## Unreleased 
> * BUGFIX: Allow RunSettingsArguments to be set, thanks @TheAngryByrd - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2771
> 
> ## 6.0.1 - 2024-06-04
> * BUGFIX: MSBuild.build adds a bad string at the end of properties, thanks @0x53A - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/issues/2738
> * ENHANCEMENT: Added shorthash to git functions, thanks @voronoipotato - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2752

Reviewer: It will go to 6.0.1
It is not released yet
```suggestion
## 6.0.1 - 2024-07-16
* BUGFIX: MSBuild.build adds a bad string at the end of properties, thanks @0x53A - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/issues/2738
* ENHANCEMENT: Added shorthash to git functions, thanks @voronoipotato - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2752
* BUGFIX: Allow RunSettingsArguments to be set, thanks @TheAngryByrd - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2771
```

# Release Notes

> 
> ## 6.1.0 - 2024-07-27
> * BUGFIX: Allow RunSettingsArguments to be set, thanks @TheAngryByrd - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2771

Reviewer: 6.1.0 has been released 🙂
```suggestion

## 6.1.1 - 2024-08-07
* BUGFIX: Allow RunSettingsArguments to be set, thanks @TheAngryByrd - https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/pull/2771

## 6.1.0 - 2024-07-27
```

Author: Hmm we need to make sure we have Releases lined up with actual releases then: https://github.com/fsprojects/FAKE/releases

Reviewer: #2800
